#Question 1
Create a single value visualization that shows the total number of merchants onboarded this quarter.  

Task 1: Change the text to your favorite color.

Task 2: Set the title of the visualization to “Total Number of Recently Onboarded Merchants last Quarter”.

Task 3: Add to a Dashboard

#Question 2
Create a column chart that shows the top 10 service regions by GOV. In addition to the total GOV value, show the total number of orders by service region for added context.

Task 1: Show each measure on a separate axis.

Task 2: Adjust the axis labels to remove the full field name and only show the column name without the view name in front.

Task 3: Add labels to the top of each bar that show the total bar value.

#Question 3
Create a line chart that shows % of orders delivered late by day over the past 12 complete weeks.

Task 1: Change the style of the data points within the line chart.

Task 2: Add in a reference line that shows the average % of orders delivered late across all days.

#Question 4
Create an area chart that shows Ticket count by week over the past 12 months.  
Then, incorporate the Ticket label type dimension to show how Tickets is trending over time by Ticket label type.

Task 1: Change the Service region of the legend within the visualization pane.

#Question 5
Create a column chart that shows total sum of adjustment reason by Service Region, and display the results as a bar chart. 

Then, visualize the percent of adjustments that came from each Service Region.

Display the final result as a stacked percentage column chart.

#Question 6
Create a table that shows the Total sum of courier adjustment and Avg courier adjustment per Dispatcher for the past 4 complete weeks, but let’s only look at Dispatchers that have less than $10000 and does not equal $0 in Total sum of courier adjustment.

Task 1: Change the series color theme from classic to random.

#Question 7
Create a chart that shows the violation count and percent of total violations submitted that is attributed to each Service region in the last 4 complete weeks.

Task 1: Change your percent calcualation from a bar to a line.

#Question 8
Create a chart that shows how the length of time that a Merchant has been active adds to the total order. Show a line for each Merchant Activation Cohort (month).

#Question 9
Calculate the difference in total violations submitted month over month for the past 12 months. This calculation should show the difference between the current month’s violations and the prior month’s violations.

Task 1: Change the x-axis name to "Violation Month”.
